hello with you my name is Irina and
we are Moscow State
University named Lomonosov at the bottom
nvidia technology
today where more than 200 have gathered
undergraduate and graduate students from leading
technical universities of Moscow, mission gurus
mp3 world bauman and many many others
already day technology nvidia
This is a unique opportunity to talk about
What is our company doing?
what innovations do we bring to the world
computer games in the world of mobile
computing to the world of professional
visualization and for us this is another
opportunity to tell how our
technologies may allow young
researchers speed up their calculations
or make it possible to solve those problems
which used to be easy
impossibility hub and nvidia ingu
longtime friends are here
research Center
where the octave centers
next to me is a legendary man
Vladimir Valentinovich
voivode deputy director
research
sensitive center lives here
main super tablet or country mom
built in 1 tell for solution
these tasks
used task a huge amount
for what is used clematis and
designing new materials so that they
were light and durable we all love
watch beautiful movies and cartoons
on not many suspect that in fact
Deal these technologies by which
they are created is worked out in systems
scientific institutions of commercial companies
for this is just as used in
super computer wormworms we are used to
the fact that the car and reliable vegetable
beautiful safe but in order to
it happened almost all the elements
problems having worked with
supercomputer technology parts behind
this again is done based on
Today we told not only the company
in general, about how the Moscow office lives
one
this is one of the largest offices
companies in europe more than a hundred
high-class engineers
they take part in all the important
projects such as driver updates
shield creation game for developers and
many many others it is here with us
Moscow is an engineer who
worked on effects in batman games
mafia assassin's creed
krayzis and many many others if you
are interested in
graphics technology and software
engineering
come to us and try your hand